I grew up in a big beautiful family, very Jewish, just enjoyed everything, we
enjoyed each other, we enjoyed our holidays, and so I just felt that I was
privileged. When I left the house I got married and came to New York, one day a
woman came to my door and said, do you know you could live forever? So I looked
at her and I said, oh really? That's what I thought, you know, but how was that
possible has never happened. And that's when she said, well, but the Bible says it
can happen and that's what this book, that's going to tell you how you could
live forever in paradise. I didn't know that taking the book that day was going
to change my whole life. When she came back, she showed me that God has a name and
that it's Jehovah. I said, you show it to me from my Bible. She opened up to Exodus
chapter 6 and verse 3 and I saw the Hebrew letters there, you know, hey,
they were no vowel points. I couldn't pronounce it, but I knew it was God's name.
And then from there I just, I had to know more. We were having our study, so she
would always end the prayer with Yeshua Mishia. Mishia, I know means, you know,
blessed one, anointed Mishia. Who was Yeshua? And she said, well, that was Jesus
Hebrew name. And then she gave me a list of prophecies about Jesus. And I took
that Bible. It's so worn out now that I think I went through every single
prophecy. And then the clincher was, of course, Daniel, the ninth chapter. This
whole part, it just opened my eyes to something that I had never seen before. It
was so precise, the timing, it can't be an accident. So it answered the question
that I had. Why don't we sacrifice? Well, because the Messiah already came and
sacrificed his life. And now he's presented it to Jehovah in heaven. And so we
don't have to wafer it anymore. The thought that Jehovah chose his son to come
to earth, to die so that I, insignificant me, can live forever in paradise. I mean,
that's special. So I decided to get baptized and served Jehovah. And I've been
doing it since 1959. Look at, I'm 93 years old. I'm healthy. I'm still going
out in the ministry. And I can still cook chicken soup with mussels. What can I
tell you? I absolutely love teaching the Bible to people. As long as I have
breath in me, I'm going to use it to share with others about Jehovah. And the
Messiah, Jesus.